---
layout: post
title: Welcome to jdf
author: pmuir
tags: [ welcome ]
---

Welcome to JBoss Developer Framework!

JBoss Developer Framework exists to show you, the developer, to make the most of JBoss and Java EE 6 technologies on JBoss Enterprise Application Platform and JBoss AS.

!(images/dualbrand_as7eap.png)

We have three ways to do this:

Quickstarts
-----------

We start small, with the [quickstarts](quickstarts/get-started). Each quickstart is veru focused, and shows you one API, or one use case. There are about 53 quickstarts today, ranging from JAX-RS CRUD to GWT to POH5 to transactions.

If you can't find the quickstart you are looking for, then please [tell us](quickstarts/get-involved) and we'll see what we can do!

Examples
--------

Quickstarts are great, but there comes a time in everyone's life when they want to write something other than a simple application! [TicketMonster](examples/get-started) steps up to the plate at this point. Today, it's a full web-app written, with front-ends showing off the three approaches to view layers we like at JBoss - POH5, Errai/GWT and RichFaces/JSF.

Over time, we plan to add much more to TicketMonster, as well as spin up other examples. Check out the [Roadmap](about/roadmap) for more info on our plans!

Migrations
----------

Fnally, we realise that there are lots of people still using older technologies such as Seam 2, Spring or Java EE 5. We've put together a comprehensive set of migration tutorials to [show you how](http://localhost:4242/migrations/get-started/).

JBoss BOMs
----------

To make all this possible, we've developed a set of BOMs. The BOMs start with Java EE 6, and build on that base API with JBoss extensions such as Hibernate (Search, Validator...), Errai and Arquillian. They're a great way to make sure you're using the same set of dependences that we test with!

TODO Add link

Get Involved
------------

TODO

Enjoy!
